Add gradient component references (#1351)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/components/reference/gradients/altitude-gradient.md

> ---

Reviewer: I'm not requesting you update the screen shots in this PR, just a note for the future. If the interface has some sort of preview window, we should try to get a screenshot with some data in the preview.

Author: Yeah, I wanted to (for previous PRs), my concern was that you need specific component configurations that could hide properties.  That's not a problem for every component though.  Multiple previews might make sense, the generic one for properties definition (with preview content where possible) and then any additional previews.  For example, Fastnoise could use use ~half a dozen previews.

---

Add the **Altitude Gradient** component to generate a normalized gradient from an altitude range.  The output gradient may be optionally constrained by surface tags.

## Provider

[Gradient Signal Gem](/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/utility/gradient-signal)

## Altitude Gradient properties

![Altitude Gradient component properties](/images/user-guide/components/reference/gradients/altitude-gradient-component.png)

| Property | Description | Values | Default |
|-|-|-|-|
| **Preview** | Displays the output gradient of this component after all properties are applied. | | |
| **Pin Preview to Shape** | Sets an entity with a compatible Shape component to use as the bounds of the preview if **Constrain to Shape** is `Enabled`. | EntityId | Current Entity |
| **Preview Position** | Sets the world location of the preview.<br> <br>*This field is available only if there is no entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Vector3: -Infinity to Infinity | X:`0.0`, Y:`0.0`, Z:`0.0` |
| **Preview Size** | Sets the dimensions of the preview. | Vector3: 0.0 to Infinity | X:`1.0`, Y:`1.0`, Z:`1.0` |

> | **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview will use the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
> | **Altitude Min** | Sets the minimum altitude that will generate gradient values. | Float: -Infinity to Infinity | `0.0` |
> | **Altitude Max** | Sets the maximum altitude that will generate gradient values. | Float: -Infinity to Infinity | `128.0` |
> | **Surface Tags to track** | An optional array of surface tags.  This component will generate a gradient only where these surface tags exist. | Array: Surface Tags | None |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview uses the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
| **Altitude Min** | Sets the minimum altitude that generates gradient values. | Float: -Infinity to Infinity | `0.0` |
| **Altitude Max** | Sets the maximum altitude that generates gradient values. | Float: -Infinity to Infinity | `128.0` |
| **Surface Tags to track** | An optional array of surface tags.  This component generates a gradient only where these surface tags exist. | Array: Surface Tags | None |
```
